Path: news3.best.com!news1.best.com!uninett.no!news-feed.ifi.uio.no!uio.no!logbridge.uoregon.edu!news.Stanford.EDU!news.isc.org!bounce-back
From: group-admin@isc.org (David C Lawrence)
Newsgroups: news.announce.newgroups
Subject: cmsg checkgroups
Control: checkgroups
Approved: newgroups-request@isc.org
Message-ID: <900525604.12931@isc.org>
Date: Wed, 15 Jul 1998 18:00:04 -0000
Lines: 467
X-Info: ftp://ftp.isc.org/pub/pgpcontrol/README.html
	ftp://ftp.isc.org/pub/pgpcontrol/README
X-PGP-Sig: 2.6.2 Subject,Control,Message-ID,Date,From,Sender
	iQCVAwUBNazuJcJdOtO4janBAQHhjQP/bNJPBWnANsr7sRi/oqs31VA8cqu/AzqH
	WzIL1xVzRc45CjsdYxsCl5TTvlaMX8UJK6091d+mR6xsq33feldOiDCD/8n6L4tq
	UvLBuMUXzkwr1tGsjVmxgBqsgcmSqhFdLHjQiyVHT1aFUm+5Lz+ChrA40fzOCcqg
	EdTAqz4V++4=
	=wxWW

humanities.answers	Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
humanities.classics	Discussion of ancient Greece and Rome.
humanities.design.misc	Theory, practice, history & aesthetic issues in design.
humanities.language.sanskrit	The Sanskrit language and related topics.
humanities.lit.authors.shakespeare	Poetry, plays, history of Shakespeare.
humanities.misc		General topics in the arts & humanities.
humanities.music.composers.wagner	The life and works of Richard Wagner.
humanities.philosophy.objectivism	The ideas of Ayn Rand. (Moderated)
misc.activism.anti-fascism.announce	Announcing anti-fascist activities. (Moderated)
misc.activism.anti-fascism.tactics	Planning anti-fascist activities. (Moderated)
misc.activism.militia	Citizens bearing arms for the common defense. (Moderated)
misc.activism.progressive	Information for Progressive activists. (Moderated)
misc.answers		Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
misc.books.technical	Discussion of books about technical topics.
misc.business.consulting	The business of consulting. (Moderated)
misc.business.credit	Domestic and international business credit. (Moderated)
misc.business.facilitators	Forum for group facilitation professionals. (Moderated)
misc.business.marketing.moderated	Roundtable for marketing topics. (Moderated)
misc.business.moderated	Roundtable for general business topics. (Moderated)
misc.business.records-mgmt	All aspects of professional records management.
misc.consumers		Consumer interests, product reviews, etc.
misc.consumers.frugal-living	Practicing a frugal lifestyle.
misc.consumers.house	Discussion about owning and maintaining a house.
misc.consumers.house.homeowner-assn	Common interest housing developments.
misc.creativity		Promoting the use of creativity in all human endeavors.
misc.education		Discussion of the educational system.
misc.education.adult	Adult education and adult literacy practice/research.
misc.education.home-school.christian	Christian home-schooling.
misc.education.home-school.misc	Almost anything about home-schooling.
misc.education.language.english	Teaching English to speakers of other languages.
misc.education.medical	Issues related to medical education.
misc.education.multimedia	Multimedia for education. (Moderated)
misc.education.science	Issues related to science education.
misc.emerg-services	Forum for paramedics & other first responders.
misc.entrepreneurs	Discussion on operating a business.
misc.entrepreneurs.moderated	Entrepreneur/business topics. (Moderated)
misc.fitness.aerobic	All forms of aerobic activity.
misc.fitness.misc	All other general fitness topics.
misc.fitness.walking	Fitness walking: help, instruction, events.
misc.fitness.weights	Bodybuilding, weightlifting, resistance.
misc.forsale.computers.discussion	Discussions only about items for sale.
misc.forsale.computers.mac-specific.cards.misc	Macintosh expansion cards.
misc.forsale.computers.mac-specific.cards.video	Macintosh video cards.
misc.forsale.computers.mac-specific.misc	Other Macintosh equipment.
misc.forsale.computers.mac-specific.portables	Portable Macintosh systems.
misc.forsale.computers.mac-specific.software	Macintosh software.
misc.forsale.computers.mac-specific.systems	Complete Macintosh systems.
misc.forsale.computers.memory	Memory chips and modules for sale and wanted.
misc.forsale.computers.modems	Modems for sale and wanted.
misc.forsale.computers.monitors	Monitors and displays for sale and wanted.
misc.forsale.computers.net-hardware	Networking hardware for sale and wanted.
misc.forsale.computers.other.misc	Miscellaneous other equipment.
misc.forsale.computers.other.software	Software for other systems.
misc.forsale.computers.other.systems	Complete other types of systems.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.audio	PC audio equipment.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.cards.misc	PC expansion cards.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.cards.video	PC video cards.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.misc	Other PC-specific equipment.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.motherboards	PC motherboards.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.portables	Portable PC systems.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.software	PC software.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.systems	Complete PC systems.
misc.forsale.computers.printers	Printers and plotters for sale and wanted.
misc.forsale.computers.storage	Disk, CDROM and tape drives for sale and wanted.
misc.forsale.computers.workstation	Workstation related computer items.
misc.forsale.non-computer	Non-computer items for sale and wanted.
misc.handicap		Discussions of interest to persons with disabilities.
misc.headlines		Current interest: drug testing, terrorism, etc.
misc.health.aids	AIDS issues and support.
misc.health.alternative	Alternative, complementary and holistic health care.
misc.health.arthritis	Arthritis and related disorders.
misc.health.diabetes	Discussion of diabetes management in day to day life.
misc.health.infertility	Treatment & support of infertility.
misc.health.injuries.rsi.misc	All about Repetitive Strain Injuries.
misc.health.injuries.rsi.moderated	Experts answer questions about RSI. (Moderated)
misc.health.therapy.occupational	All areas of occupational therapy.
misc.immigration.australia+nz	Migration forum for Australia and New Zealand.
misc.immigration.canada	Canada immigration issues.
misc.immigration.misc	Miscellaneous countries immigration issues.
misc.immigration.usa	USA immigration issues.
misc.industry.electronics.marketplace	Electronics products & services.
misc.industry.insurance	General forum for all insurance issues. (Moderated)
misc.industry.printing	A forum for the printing industry. (Moderated)
misc.industry.pulp-and-paper	Technical topics in the pulp and paper industry.
misc.industry.quality	Quality standards and other issues.
misc.industry.safety.personal	Personal protective equipment. (Moderated)
misc.industry.utilities.electric	The electric utility industry.
misc.int-property	Discussion of intellectual property rights.
misc.invest.canada	Investing in Canadian financial markets.
misc.invest.financial-plan	Financial planning in general. (Moderated)
misc.invest.futures	Physical commodity and financial futures markets.
misc.invest.marketplace	All other ads/promotions.
misc.invest.misc	Investments not in other misc.invest.* groups.
misc.invest.mutual-funds	Mutual Funds.
misc.invest.options	Financial options on stocks and futures.
misc.invest.real-estate	Property investments.
misc.invest.stocks	Forum for sharing info about stocks and options.
misc.invest.technical	Analyzing market trends with technical methods.
misc.jobs.contract	Discussions about contract labor.
misc.jobs.fields.chemistry	Employment in the chemical sciences.
misc.jobs.misc		Discussion about employment, workplaces, careers.
misc.jobs.offered	Announcements of positions available.
misc.jobs.offered.entry	Job listings only for entry-level positions.
misc.jobs.resumes	Postings of resumes and "situation wanted" articles.
misc.kids		Children, their behavior and activities.
misc.kids.breastfeeding	Information, support, and decisions re breastfeeding.
misc.kids.computer	The use of computers by children.
misc.kids.consumers	Products related to kids.
misc.kids.health	Children's health.
misc.kids.info		Informational posts related to misc.kids hierarchy. (Moderated)
misc.kids.moderated	Parenting questions, ideas, and experiences. (Moderated)
misc.kids.pregnancy	Pre-pregnancy planning, pregnancy, childbirth.
misc.kids.vacation	Discussion on all forms of family-oriented vacationing.
misc.legal		Legalities and the ethics of law.
misc.legal.computing	Discussing the legal climate of the computing world.
misc.legal.moderated	All aspects of law. (Moderated)
misc.misc		Various discussions not fitting in any other group.
misc.news.bosnia	News, articles, reports & information on Bosnia. (Moderated)
misc.news.east-europe.rferl	Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty Daily Report. (Moderated)
misc.news.internet.announce	News bulletins from the Internet. (Moderated)
misc.news.internet.discuss	Discussion of news bulletins from the Net.
misc.news.southasia	News from Bangladesh, India, Nepal, etc. (Moderated)
misc.predictions.registry	Predictions of the future. (Moderated)
misc.rural		Devoted to issues concerning rural living.
misc.survivalism	Disaster and long-term survival techniques and theory.
misc.taxes		Tax laws and advice.
misc.taxes.moderated	Tax professionals meeting place and answers to queries. (Moderated)
misc.test		For testing of network software.  Very boring.
misc.test.moderated	Testing of posting to moderated groups. (Moderated)
misc.transport.air-industry	Airlines, airports, commercial aircraft. (Moderated)
misc.transport.air-industry.cargo	Questions/comments regarding air cargo. (Moderated)
misc.transport.marine	Maritime and inland waterways transportation.
misc.transport.misc	General transportation issues.
misc.transport.rail.americas	Railroads & railways in North & South America.
misc.transport.rail.australia-nz	Railways in Australia & New Zealand.
misc.transport.rail.europe	Railroads & railways in all of Europe.
misc.transport.rail.misc	Rail issues not in other geographic groups.
misc.transport.road	Road and highway transportation.
misc.transport.trucking	Commercial trucking related issues.
misc.transport.urban-transit	Metropolitan public transportation systems.
misc.wanted		Requests for things that are needed (NOT software).
misc.writing		Discussion of writing in all of its forms.
misc.writing.screenplays	Aspects of writing and selling screenplays.
news.admin.announce	Announcements for news adminstrators. (Moderated)
news.admin.censorship	Censorship issues in news administration.
news.admin.hierarchies	Network news hierarchies.
news.admin.misc		General topics of network news administration.
news.admin.net-abuse.bulletins	Bulletins of action about net abuse. (Moderated)
news.admin.net-abuse.email	Discussion of abuse of email systems.
news.admin.net-abuse.misc	Network facility abuse, including spamming.
news.admin.net-abuse.policy	Discussion of net abuse policy. (Moderated)
news.admin.net-abuse.sightings	Sightings of net abuse. (Moderated)
news.admin.net-abuse.usenet	Discussion of abuse of the Usenet system.
news.admin.nocem	NoCeM protocol policy issues and information.
news.admin.technical	Technical aspects of maintaining network news. (Moderated)
news.announce.conferences	Calls for papers and conference announcements. (Moderated)
news.announce.important	General announcements of interest to all. (Moderated)
news.announce.newgroups	Calls for newgroups & announcements of same. (Moderated)
news.announce.newusers	Explanatory postings for new users. (Moderated)
news.answers		Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
news.groups		Discussions and lists of newsgroups.
news.groups.questions	Where can I find talk about topic X?
news.groups.reviews	What is going on in group or mailing list named X? (Moderated)
news.lists.filters	Notices for automated news filtering systems.
news.lists.misc		News-related statistics and lists. (Moderated)
news.misc		Discussions of USENET itself.
news.newusers.questions	Q & A for new users of Usenet. (Moderated)
news.software.anu-news	VMS Usenet software from Australian National Univ.
news.software.b		Discussion about Usenet B-news-compatible software.
news.software.misc	Usenet-related software other than readers and servers.
news.software.nn	Discussion about the "nn" Usenet news reader package.
news.software.nntp	The Network News Transfer Protocol.
news.software.readers	Discussing software for reading network news (Usenet).
soc.adoption.adoptees	Discussion of adoption by adoptees. (Moderated)
soc.adoption.parenting	Adoptive parenting by adoptive parents.
soc.answers		Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
soc.atheism		Living as an atheist and atheism in society. (Moderated)
soc.bi			Discussions of bisexuality.
soc.college		College, college activities, campus life, etc.
soc.college.admissions	The university admissions process.
soc.college.financial-aid	Financial aid issues, college and beyond.
soc.college.grad	General issues related to graduate schools.
soc.college.gradinfo	Information about graduate schools.
soc.college.org.aiesec	The Int'l Assoc. of Business and Commerce Students.
soc.college.teaching-asst	Issues affecting collegiate teaching assistants.
soc.couples		Discussions for couples (cf. soc.singles).
soc.couples.intercultural	Inter-cultural and inter-racial relationships.
soc.couples.wedding	Wedding planning.
soc.culture.afghanistan	Discussion of the Afghan society.
soc.culture.african	Discussions about Africa & things African.
soc.culture.african.american	Discussions about Afro-American issues.
soc.culture.african.american.moderated	African-American perspectives. (Moderated)
soc.culture.albanian	Albania and Albanians around the world.
soc.culture.algeria	From A to Z about Algeria.
soc.culture.arabic	Technological & cultural issues, *not* politics.
soc.culture.argentina	All about life in Argentina.
soc.culture.asean	Countries of the Assoc. of SE Asian Nations.
soc.culture.asian.american	Issues & discussion about Asian-Americans.
soc.culture.assyrian	Assyrian culture, history, language, current diaspora.
soc.culture.asturies	Asturian culture.
soc.culture.australian	Australian culture and society.
soc.culture.austria	Austria and its people.
soc.culture.baltics	People of the Baltic states.
soc.culture.bangladesh	Issues & discussion about Bangladesh.
soc.culture.basque	Basque culture and related issues. (Moderated)
soc.culture.belarus	All things about Belarus. (Moderated)
soc.culture.belgium	Belgian society, culture(s) and people.
soc.culture.bengali	Sociocultural identity of worldwide Bengali population.
soc.culture.berber	The berber language, history, and culture.
soc.culture.bolivia	Bolivian people and culture.
soc.culture.bosna-herzgvna	The independent state of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
soc.culture.brazil	Talking about the people and country of Brazil.
soc.culture.breton	All about Breton culture and Brittany.
soc.culture.british	Issues about Britain & those of British descent.
soc.culture.bulgaria	Discussing Bulgarian society.
soc.culture.burma	Politics, culture, news, discussion about Burma.
soc.culture.cambodia	Cambodia and its people.
soc.culture.canada	Discussions of Canada and its people.
soc.culture.caribbean	Life in the Caribbean.
soc.culture.catalan	The Catalan language and the lands where it is spoken.
soc.culture.celtic	Irish, Scottish, Breton, Cornish, Manx & Welsh.
soc.culture.chile	All about Chile and its people.
soc.culture.china	About China and Chinese culture.
soc.culture.colombia	Colombian talk, social, politics, science.
soc.culture.cornish	All things Cornish and Cornwall, worldwide.
soc.culture.costa-rica	Topics about Costa Rica.
soc.culture.croatia	The lives of people of Croatia.
soc.culture.cuba	Cuban culture, society and politics.
soc.culture.czecho-slovak	Bohemian, Slovak, Moravian and Silesian life.
soc.culture.dominican-rep	The life and people of the Dominican Republic.
soc.culture.ecuador	The culture and people of Ecuador.
soc.culture.egyptian	Egypt, and its society, culture, heritage, etc.
soc.culture.el-salvador	Topics about El Salvador, Central America.
soc.culture.esperanto	The neutral international language Esperanto.
soc.culture.estonia	Estonian culture, language, news, politics. (Moderated)
soc.culture.ethiopia.misc	Unmoderated forum to discuss Ethiopian culture.
soc.culture.ethiopia.moderated	Ethiopian culture. (Moderated)
soc.culture.europe	Discussing all aspects of all-European society.
soc.culture.filipino	Group about the Filipino culture.
soc.culture.french	French culture, history, and related discussions.
soc.culture.galiza	Galicia, on the Iberian Peninsula. (Moderated)
soc.culture.german	Discussions about German culture and history.
soc.culture.greek	Group about Greeks.
soc.culture.guinea-conakry	Guinea (ne French Guinea, in West Africa).
soc.culture.haiti	Haiti specific development and cultural issues.
soc.culture.hawaii	Aloha kakou, E KOMO MAI! Eh, no forget hemo da shoes. (Moderated)
soc.culture.hmong	Discussion of Hmong people and its culture.
soc.culture.honduras	General topics regarding Honduras and Central-America.
soc.culture.hongkong	Discussions pertaining to Hong Kong.
soc.culture.hongkong.entertainment	Entertainment in Hong Kong.
soc.culture.indian	Group for discussion about India & things Indian.
soc.culture.indian.delhi	Information related to Delhi, capital of India.
soc.culture.indian.gujarati	Gujarati cultural group.
soc.culture.indian.info	Info group for soc.culture.indian, etc. (Moderated)
soc.culture.indian.jammu-kashmir	The culture of Jammu & Kashmir.
soc.culture.indian.karnataka	Karnataka's culture, history, and present.
soc.culture.indian.kerala	Culture of the people of Keralite origin.
soc.culture.indian.marathi	Discussion related to Marathi Culture.
soc.culture.indian.telugu	The culture of the Telugu people of India. (Moderated)
soc.culture.indonesia	All about the Indonesian nation.
soc.culture.intercultural	People of mixed "culture", "ethnicity", "race".
soc.culture.iranian	Discussions about Iran and things Iranian/Persian.
soc.culture.iraq	Iraq, its society, culture and heritage.
soc.culture.irish	Ireland and Irish culture.
soc.culture.israel	Israel and Israelis.
soc.culture.italian	The Italian people and their culture.
soc.culture.japan	Everything Japanese, except the Japanese language.
soc.culture.japan.moderated	Anything Japanese. (Moderated)
soc.culture.jewish	Jewish culture & religion (cf. talk.politics.mideast).
soc.culture.jewish.holocaust	The Shoah. (Moderated)
soc.culture.jewish.parenting	Issues about raising Jewish children. (Moderated)
soc.culture.jordan	All topics concerning The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.
soc.culture.kenya	Kenyan peoples, politics, culture, and affairs.
soc.culture.korean	Discussions about Korea & things Korean.
soc.culture.kurdish	People from Kurdistan and Kurds around the world.
soc.culture.kuwait	Kuwaiti culture, society, and history.
soc.culture.kuwait.moderated	Kuwaiti culture, society, and history. (Moderated)
soc.culture.laos	Cultural and Social Aspects of Laos.
soc.culture.latin-america	Topics about Latin-America.
soc.culture.lebanon	Discussion about things Lebanese.
soc.culture.liberia	The culture of Liberia.
soc.culture.maghreb	North African society and culture.
soc.culture.magyar	The Hungarian people & their culture.
soc.culture.malagasy	Madagascar and the Malagasy culture.
soc.culture.malaysia	All about Malaysian society.
soc.culture.mexican	Discussion of Mexico's society.
soc.culture.mexican.american	Mexican-American/Chicano culture and issues.
soc.culture.misc	Group for discussion about other cultures.
soc.culture.mongolian	Everything related to Mongols and Mongolia.
soc.culture.native	Aboriginal people around the world.
soc.culture.nepal	Discussion of people and things in & from Nepal.
soc.culture.netherlands	People from the Netherlands and Belgium.
soc.culture.new-zealand	Discussion of topics related to New Zealand.
soc.culture.nicaragua	Topics related to the country of Nicaragua in general.
soc.culture.nigeria	Nigerian affairs, society, cultures, and peoples.
soc.culture.nordic	Discussion about culture up north.
soc.culture.occitan	Speakers of Provencal/Occitan/Langue d'Oc.
soc.culture.pacific-island	Culture of the pacific islands (except Hawaii).
soc.culture.pakistan	Topics of discussion about Pakistan.
soc.culture.pakistan.education	Education in Pakistan. (Moderated)
soc.culture.pakistan.history	History of Pakistan. (Moderated)
soc.culture.pakistan.moderated	Discussions on Pakistan. (Moderated)
soc.culture.pakistan.politics	Political discussions on Pakistan.
soc.culture.pakistan.religion	Religious discussions related to Pakistan.
soc.culture.pakistan.sports	Sports in Pakistan.
soc.culture.palestine	Palestinian people, culture and politics.
soc.culture.peru	All about the people of Peru.
soc.culture.polish	Polish culture, Polish past, and Polish politics.
soc.culture.portuguese	Discussion of the people of Portugal.
soc.culture.puerto-rico	Puerto Rican culture, society and politics.
soc.culture.punjab	Punjab and Punjabi culture.
soc.culture.quebec	Quebec society and culture.
soc.culture.rep-of-georgia	The Caucasian Republic of Georgia and Georgians.
soc.culture.romanian	Discussion of Romanian and Moldavian people.
soc.culture.russian	All things Russian in the broadest sense.
soc.culture.russian.moderated	Moderated discussion of Russian culture. (Moderated)
soc.culture.scientists	Cultural issues about scientists & scientific projects.
soc.culture.scottish	Anything regarding Scotland or things Scots.
soc.culture.sierra-leone	The culture of Sierra Leone.
soc.culture.singapore	The past, present and future of Singapore.
soc.culture.singapore.moderated	Singapore & Singaporeans. (Moderated)
soc.culture.slovenia	Slovenia and Slovenian people.
soc.culture.somalia	Somalian affairs, society, and culture.
soc.culture.south-africa	South African society, culture, & politics.
soc.culture.south-africa.afrikaans	The Afrikaans language and speakers.
soc.culture.soviet	Topics relating to Russian or Soviet culture.
soc.culture.spain	Spain and the Spanish.
soc.culture.sri-lanka	Things & people from Sri Lanka.
soc.culture.swiss	Swiss culture.
soc.culture.syria	Syrian cultural matters and affairs.
soc.culture.taiwan	Discussion about things Taiwanese.
soc.culture.tamil	Tamil language, history and culture.
soc.culture.thai	Thai people and their culture.
soc.culture.turkish	Discussion about things Turkish.
soc.culture.turkish.moderated	Issues related to Turks/Turkey. (Moderated)
soc.culture.ukrainian	The lives and times of the Ukrainian people.
soc.culture.uruguay	Discussions of Uruguay for those at home and abroad.
soc.culture.usa		The culture of the United States of America.
soc.culture.venezuela	Discussion of topics related to Venezuela.
soc.culture.vietnamese	Issues and discussions of Vietnamese culture.
soc.culture.welsh	The people, language and history of Wales.
soc.culture.yugoslavia	Discussions of Yugoslavia and its people.
soc.culture.zimbabwe	Culture and other issues pertaining to Zimbabwe.
soc.feminism		Discussion of feminism & feminist issues. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.african	Genealogy of Africa and the African Diaspora. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.australia+nz	Australia, New Zealand, and their territories.
soc.genealogy.benelux	Genealogy in Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg.
soc.genealogy.britain	Genealogy in Great Britain and the islands.
soc.genealogy.computing	Genealogical computing & net resources.
soc.genealogy.french	Francophone genealogy.
soc.genealogy.german	Family history including a German background.
soc.genealogy.hispanic	Genealogy relating to Hispanics.
soc.genealogy.ireland	Genealogy in Ireland (both North and South).
soc.genealogy.italian	Italian genealogy and family heraldry.
soc.genealogy.jewish	Jewish genealogy group. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.marketplace	Genealogy services and products.
soc.genealogy.medieval	Genealogy in the period from roughly AD500 to AD1600.
soc.genealogy.methods	Genealogical methods and resources. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.misc	General genealogical discussions.
soc.genealogy.nordic	Genealogy in the Scandinavian countries.
soc.genealogy.slavic	Genealogy of Slavic peoples.
soc.genealogy.surnames.britain	Surnames queries - Great Britain. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.surnames.canada	Surnames queries - Canada. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.surnames.german	Surnames queries - German speaking countries. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.surnames.global	Surnames queries central database. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.surnames.ireland	Surnames queries - Ireland & Northern Ireland. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.surnames.misc	Surnames - regions not covered elsewhere. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.surnames.usa	Surnames queries - USA. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.west-indies	Genealogy of the West Indies.
soc.history		Discussions of things historical.
soc.history.african.biafra	History of Biafra (Eastern Nigeria). (Moderated)
soc.history.ancient	Ancient history (up to AD 700).
soc.history.living	Living history and reenactment, issues and info.
soc.history.medieval	The historic period of the middle ages.
soc.history.moderated	All aspects of history. (Moderated)
soc.history.science	History of science and related areas.
soc.history.war.misc	History & events of wars in general.
soc.history.war.us-civil-war	Aspects of the U.S. Civil War. (Moderated)
soc.history.war.us-revolution	American Revolution/international perspectives.
soc.history.war.vietnam	The Vietnam War. (Moderated)
soc.history.war.world-war-ii	History & events of World War Two. (Moderated)
soc.history.what-if	Alternate history.
soc.libraries.talk	Discussing all aspects of libraries.
soc.men			Issues related to men, their problems & relationships.
soc.misc		Socially-oriented topics not in other groups.
soc.motss		Issues pertaining to homosexuality.
soc.net-people		Announcements, requests, etc. about people on the net.
soc.org.freemasonry	Discussion group for the Fraternity "Freemasonry". (Moderated)
soc.org.nonprofit	Nonprofit organizations.
soc.org.service-clubs.misc	General info on all service topics.
soc.penpals		In search of net.friendships.
soc.personals		Personal ads -- people in search of (ISO) others. (Moderated)
soc.politics		Political problems, systems, solutions. (Moderated)
soc.politics.anti-fascism	The politics of fighting fascism. (Moderated)
soc.politics.arms-d	Arms discussion digest. (Moderated)
soc.politics.marxism	Karl Marx and his legacy in theory and practice. (Moderated)
soc.religion.bahai	Discussion of the Baha'i Faith. (Moderated)
soc.religion.christian	Christianity and related topics. (Moderated)
soc.religion.christian.bible-study	Examining the Holy Bible. (Moderated)
soc.religion.christian.promisekeepers	The Christian group Promise Keepers. (Moderated)
soc.religion.christian.youth-work	Christians working with young people. (Moderated)
soc.religion.eastern	Discussions of Eastern religions. (Moderated)
soc.religion.gnosis	Gnosis, marifat, jnana & direct sacred experience. (Moderated)
soc.religion.hindu	Discussion about the Hindu dharma, philosophy, culture. (Moderated)
soc.religion.islam	Discussions of the Islamic faith. (Moderated)
soc.religion.mormon	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. (Moderated)
soc.religion.paganism	Networking for Pagans. (Moderated)
soc.religion.quaker	The Religious Society of Friends.
soc.religion.shamanism	Discussion of the full range of shamanic experience. (Moderated)
soc.religion.sikhism	Sikh Religion and Sikhs all over the world. (Moderated)
soc.religion.unitarian-univ	Unitarian-Universalism & non-creedal religions. (Moderated)
soc.religion.vaishnava	All aspects of Vishnu and Vaishnavism. (Moderated)
soc.retirement		For seniors:  retirement, aging, gerontology issues.
soc.rights.human	Human rights & activism (e.g., Amnesty International).
soc.senior.health+fitness	Health, fitness, health-care for seniors.
soc.senior.issues	Issues relevant to seniors and aging.
soc.sexuality.general	Human sexuality in general. (Moderated)
soc.sexuality.spanking	Adult sexual spanking. (Moderated)
soc.singles		Newsgroup for single people, their activities, etc.
soc.singles.moderated	Conversations among people who are or were single. (Moderated)
soc.subculture.bondage-bdsm	Bondage/Dominance/S&M discussion & support.
soc.subculture.bondage-bdsm.femdom	Sensual domination by females.
soc.subculture.expatriate	Issues of interest to expatriates.
soc.support.aids-hiv+	Messages to and from people living with HIV. (Moderated)
soc.support.depression.crisis	Personal crisis situations.
soc.support.depression.family	Coping with depressed people.
soc.support.depression.manic	Bipolar/manic-depression.
soc.support.depression.misc	Depression and mood disorders.
soc.support.depression.seasonal	Seasonal affective disorder.
soc.support.depression.treatment	Treatments of depression.
soc.support.fat-acceptance	Self-acceptance for fat people.  No diet talk.
soc.support.loneliness	Mutual help and chat for those of us who feel alone. (Moderated)
soc.support.pregnancy.loss	Issues and support related to pregnancy loss. (Moderated)
soc.support.transgendered	Transgendered and intersexed persons.
soc.support.youth.gay-lesbian-bi	Gay youths helping each other. (Moderated)
soc.veterans		Social issues relating to military veterans.
soc.women		Issues related to women, their problems & relationships.
soc.women.lesbian-and-bi	Lives of lesbian and bisexual women. (Moderated)
talk.abortion		All sorts of discussions and arguments on abortion.
talk.answers		Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
talk.atheism		Debate about the validity and nature of atheism.
talk.bizarre		The unusual, bizarre, curious, and often interesting.
talk.environment	Discussion the state of the environment & what to do.
talk.euthanasia		All aspects of euthanasia.
talk.origins		Evolution versus creationism (sometimes hot!). (Moderated)
talk.philosophy.humanism	Humanism in the modern world.
talk.philosophy.misc	Philosophical musings on all topics.
talk.politics.animals	The use and/or abuse of animals.
talk.politics.china	Discussion of political issues related to China.
talk.politics.crypto	The relation between cryptography and government.
talk.politics.drugs	The politics of drug issues.
talk.politics.european-union	The EU and political integration in Europe.
talk.politics.guns	The politics of firearm ownership and (mis)use.
talk.politics.libertarian	Libertarian politics & political philosophy.
talk.politics.medicine	The politics and ethics involved with health care.
talk.politics.mideast	Discussion & debate over Middle Eastern events.
talk.politics.misc	Political discussions and ravings of all kinds.
talk.politics.soviet	Discussion of Soviet politics, domestic and foreign.
talk.politics.theory	Theory of politics and political systems.
talk.politics.tibet	The politics of Tibet and the Tibetan people.
talk.rape		Discussions on stopping rape; not to be crossposted.
talk.religion.buddhism	All aspects of Buddhism as religion and philosophy.
talk.religion.course-miracle	A Course in Miracles.
talk.religion.misc	Religious, ethical, & moral implications.
talk.religion.newage	Esoteric and minority religions & philosophies.
talk.religion.pantheism	Pantheism in general.
talk.rumors		For the posting of rumors.
